Hi guys, Scifi Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I`m gonna explain a 2020 thriller movie
called Promising Young Woman.
This movie is about a young woman haunted
by a traumatic past as she navigates balancing
forgiveness and vengeance.
The movie begins with a woman alone at a bar
appearing incredibly intoxicated, barely able
to keep her head up and falling over in her
seat.
She is then noticed by three average guys
and one of them named Jerry, who claims himself
to be a “good guy”, decides to approach
her and offer to pick her home.
While on their way home, Jerry suggests that
they can go to his apartment first.
It turns out that Jerry is not a very “good
guy”.
Despite her being barely conscious, he still
offers her alcoholic drink and starts to kiss
her.
He even moves her to his bed and begins to
do inappropriate things, only to realize that
the woman is not drunk and has been faking
it for the whole time, leaving Jerry in shock.
The woman is Cassie, a medical student dropout
on the brink of 30, who has no professional
ambitions, has no boyfriend, and still lives
with her parents` house.
She currently works at a coffee shop to fill
his daily boring days.
Cassie, whose best friend, Nina, was raped
when the two were in medical school.
Though Nina reported the rape and though there
was video evidence, no one at the school took
her claims seriously and punished the perpetrators.
That is the reason Both Nina and Cassie left
school, and it’s heavily implied that Nina
later died by suicide.
One day at the coffee shop, Cassie meets Ryan
who appears to be her former classmate at
the medical university.
He is confused with the fact that she works
as a barista, but soon he asks Cassie to go
on a date with him, but rejected.
As shown previously, Cassie now spends her
nights in nearby bars, faking herself as a
drunk woman and posing as bait for men to
take her to their homes then revealing sobriety
when they try to take advantage of her, embarrassing
them and keeping a record of how many men
that has fallen into her trap.
On Cassie`s 30th birthday, her parents give
her a present and her mother starts to scold
him, saying that it is very strange for a
mature woman to still live in her parents
house, without having a boyfriend and a friend.
Surprisingly, the gift turns out to be a suitcase,
showing that her parents want her to get out
immediately.
Ryan comes back to the coffee shop to try
his second attempt, claiming that Cassie gave
him a fake number the other day.
Funny thing is that Ryan spent several hours
composing a very romantic text, only to find
out that the message was sent to an oil rig
worker called Red.
This time, he confesses that he has liked
Cassie since high school and asks her to go
for lunch.
Finally, Cassie goes on a legitimate date
with Ryan.
Both of them start to develop a closer relationship
and Ryan seems to be a real “good person”.
He asks Cassie to visit his apartment and
she agrees with that, but suddenly he feels
that it is too fast and he offers to drive
her home.
Eventually, it makes Cassie upset and she
goes home alone as Ryan is already at his
apartment.
The next day, Cassie visits Ryan at the hospital
as he is currently working as a pediatrician
and says that she wants to continue the relationship,
but he has to take it slow.
At night, Ryan mentions one of his friends,
Al Monroe, the man who sent Cassie on this
spiral of grief and trauma, has just moved
back from London and is getting married which
makes Cassie upset.
Since then, she begins to plan a strategy
to revenge Nina on Al and others who were
responsible for him getting away with the
rape.
She then meets another former classmate, Madison.
They have little conversation and we can see
that Cassie purposely wants to get Madison
drunk by keeping pouring her champagne.
Cassie brings up the topic Nina`s rape several
years ago, but Madison keeps denying that
Nina was raped and implicitly says that it
was Nina`s drunk for getting drunk which disappoints
Cassie.
Turns out that Cassie also hires a man to
take the drunk Maddison to a hotel room.
With no memory of what has happened because
she was drunk, Madison leaves several distraught
voicemails to Cassie who doesn't answer her
call.
The next target is the university's dean,
Elizabeth Walker.
But before that, Cassie lures Walker`s teenage
daughter, Amber, into her car by posing as
a new makeup artist for the popular band called
Wet Dreams.
Cassie tells the teenager that she is lost
and her phone is dead.
Because it is Amber`s favorite band, Amber
is willing to help by borrowing her phone
to Cassie.
After her plan works, she later meets Walker
under the pretense of resuming her med school
education and asks her about Nina`s case and
Al Monroe.
Here, Cassie reveals that Al took Nina and
raped her repeatedly in front of his friends
while she was drunk.
The dean seemed not to take the case seriously
at the time and even didn't remember the case.
Walker even implicitly says that Nina shouldn't
have been drunk at that time, despite her
being the victim.
To punish the dean, Cassie tells her that
she dropped her daughter at a dorm room with
male students.
At first, Walker doesn't believe her and threatens
Cassie.
But when Cassie hands over her daughter`s
phone, she becomes terrified and eventually
apologizes for her action.
At the end, Cassie reveals that she is lying
and her daughter is safe at the diner.
Even after building a good relationship with
Ryan, Cassie keeps acting as a drunk woman
in the bar, looking for a poor boy to become
her victim.
But unfortunately, she meets Ryan there while
hooking up with a guy.
Ryan is disappointed and leaves her alone.
The next day, Cassie continues his revenge
plan by meeting Jordan Green, Al`s lawyer
on Nina`s case, who forces Nina to drop the
charges.
Green then apologizes to Cassie and claims
that he will never forgive himself for what
he has done.
Because of that, Cassie forgives Green and
walks away, cancelling her plan to harm the
lawyer with a hitman.
After that, Cassie visits Nina`s mother, flashbacking
their good memories with Nina.
Nina`s mom urges Cassie to forget it and move
on, because it brings no good to everyone,
especially Nina.
After that, Cassie spots a post containing
information about Al Monroe`s bachelor party.
But, she decides to abandon her revenge plans.
She also visits Ryan and apologizes to him,
begging to start their relationship from the
beginning.
At first, Ryan still cannot accept the reality,
but later he approaches Cassie at the coffee
shop and they finally kiss for the first time
and fall in love with each other.
Cassie even invites Ryan to her house and
introduces him to her parents.
Cassie is confronted by Madison outside her
house.
She urges Cassie to tell her what happened
while she was drunk after their lunch.
Cassie assures her that the man only put her
on the bed and nothing bad happened.
On that occasion, Madison hands over an old
phone containing a video of Nina`s getting
raped and warns Cassie to never contact her
again.
While looking at the footage, Cassie discovers
that Ryan was there as a bystander and decides
to move forward on the revenge plan.
The next day, Cassie visits Ryan at the hospital
and shows the recording to him.
She threatens Ryan that she will send it to
his colleagues, except he tells Cassie where
Al Monroe`s bachelor party will be held.
Not willing to risk her career as a pediatrician,
he finally gives the address to Cassie.
Ryan also demands forgiveness, but Cassie
refuses to do so.
Their relationship ends there.
Cassie arrives at Al`s bachelor party, disguising
herself as a nurse stripper.
Al`s friend seems to be very happy about Cassie`s
arrival, not knowing what will happen next.
Cassie starts her show.
She orders all the boys to kneel down and
start feeding them with a huge amount of drink.
She takes Al upstairs and handcuffs him to
the bed.
When asked about her name, She answers that
she is Nina Fisher, which surprised Al because
the real Nina is dead and suddenly begs her
to let him go.
He screams for help, but Cassie has drugged
his friends with the drink before.
Al insists that he didn't do anything at that
time and says that Nina was also into it.
Cassie starts carving Nina`s name onto Al`s
skin, but Al suddenly manages to break free.
He tries to stop her but Cassie keeps fighting
back.
Because of that, he grabs a pillow and smothers
Cassie with it for a very long time, causing
her to die because of suffocating.
In the morning, a friend, Joe, approaches
him in the room and is shocked after knowing
the fact that Al has killed the stripper.
Both of them then manage to get rid of Cassie`s
body to cover up their crime.
After disappearing for several days, Cassie`s
parents file a missing person report to the
police and Detective Waller begins to investigate
the case by interviewing Ryan.
He actually knows where Cassie went, but he
refuses to tell the detective.
Later, at Al`s wedding, the final act of Cassie`s
plan unfolds as Ryan receives several pre-scheduled
texts from Cassie, telling him that things
aren't finished.
Cassie`s manager also receives a half heart-shaped
necklace with Cassie`s name written on it.
Also, the cops suddenly show up there, manage
to find the matching half with Nina`s name
in Cassie`s burnt remains, and arrest Al for
the crime he has committed.
Lastly, it turns out that Cassie had sent
the location of the bachelor party and the
proof of the rape to the remorseful lawyer,
telling him to contact the police if she disappeared.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like to
help the channel out, thank you for watching.